# 🌊 Disclaimer

The information in this Whitepaper is subject to change or update and should not be construed as a commitment, promise or guarantee by W3space Asset Management or any other individual or organization mentioned in this Whitepaper relating to the future availability of services related to the use of the to-be-released tokens or their future performance or value.&#x20;

The document does not constitute any offer to solicitation to sell shares or securities. It does not constitute or form part of and should not be construed as any offer for sale or subscription of or any invitation to buy or subscribe for any securities not should it or any part of it form the basis of or be relied upon in any connection with any contract or commitment whatsoever. W3space expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind arising directly or indirectly from reliance on any information contained in the Whitepaper, any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or any action resulting therefrom.&#x20;

This is not a recommendation to buy or financial advice. This is strictly informational. Do not trade or invest in any tokens, companies or entities based solely upon this information. Any investment involves substantial risks, inlcuding but not limited to, pricing volatility, inadequate liquidity, and the potential complete loss of principal. Investors should conduct independent due diligence, with assistance from professional financial and/or legal experts, on topics discussed in this document and develop a neutral, non-biased judgement and investment programme of the relevant markets prior to making any investment decision.&#x20;

We have prepared all information herein from sources we believe to be accurate and reliable. However, such infomation is presented ‘as is’, without warranty of any kind – whether expressed or implied. All market prices, data and other information are not warranted as to completeness of accuracy, are based upon certain assumption and selected public market data, reflect prevailing conditions, and our view as of this date, all of which are accordingly subject to change without notice. None of these graphs, charts or visual aids can solely be used to make investment decisions. No representation is made that these will assist any person in making investment decisions and no graph, chart or other visual aid can capture all factors and variables required in making such decisions.
